Okay, yes, I definitely see the two issues that you just brought up.
1. Let's look at potentially adjusting that cross-country remote penalty to something that will not show as a recommended profile. Again, unless it's explicitly mentioned in the job description that candidates from different countries are allowed to apply, then that's a whole different story. In the case where it's an on-site hybrid or remote position, if applicants are coming from a different country altogether, that should really knock them out, regardless of whether their threshold is set at 80% or higher for whatever reason. Maybe let's cap that at 75% for absolute perfect matches that have a location mismatch in this particular example. Therefore, if the recruiter just wants to see more resumes in general and they're willing to maybe forgive a bit of that location aspect without, of course, adjusting the details of the job description, lowering the threshold could be one way of just allowing a little more to slip through the cracks. From a technical fit perspective, they would see a lot more of those, but could, for instance, catch more of those location mismatch mismatches. I'm just thinking out loud when it comes to that.
2. To the other point about location extraction consistency, let's ensure that the AI doesn't necessarily rely on what's in the candidate record location fields. Let's make sure that they're only referencing what's actually on the resume of the candidate, just because Bullhorn does have a tendency of inaccurately mapping location information. We don't want to have the AI look at inaccurate details, so essentially the source of truth to determine where this individual is located, whether it's a hard fact that's defined on the resume or an inferring scenario, which I also believe we have implemented. Let's just ensure that the AI is really focused on obtaining that within the resume itself.
Let me know what you think, and I'm happy to clarify anything further. Feel free to also challenge any of my thoughts here.