Phase 1: Core Form Infrastructure
Create responsive application form with all required fields
Let’s go over which fields we should capture first before we start building anything. 
Implement file upload with a drag-and-drop interface
Agreed. 
Add client-side validation and user feedback
Agreed. 
Build basic email submission pipeline
Please provide more details around this part here. 
Phase 2: Resume Parsing Integration
Add resume text extraction capabilities
Agreed. But let’s keep it simple, nothing more than first/last name, email address, and phone number should be extracted from the resume into the input fields within the form. 
Implement auto-population of name/email/phone from parsed resume
I believe this speaks to the point above so yes I agree. 
Create confirmation step for candidates to verify parsed data
Agreed. 
Add fallback for manual entry when parsing fails
Agreed. 
Phase 3: Advanced Features & Integration
Integrate with Bullhorn API to fetch job titles from ATS JobID
For this part, we need to rely on the <url> node within the XML file. For example, the job board will be using our XML file to extract the job details from and onto their platform for advertising. In our case, each applicant form would need to reference somewhere the job ID in Bullhorn so we can correctly map the information and display it in an email. I suggest using the ID inside the <bhatsid> node as part of the form URL that the job seeker will visit (for instance, myticas.com/apply-form-12345/). When the submission is complete, the email notification that is to be sent to the apply@myticas.com address will be able to retrieve the correct job ID from Bullhorn via the URL and include it in the email subject line (e.g. Application for: Java Developer (12345)), and the URL would be: myticas.com/jobapplyform-12345/?utm_source=LinkedIn. 

I am also open to other ideas to make this process as effective and simpler, but the main goal is to have the existing parsing solution behind the email address (apply@myticas.com) handle the heavy lifting when it comes to parsing out the nuances of the resume file into a candidate record in Bullhorn. Our only job in this case is to ensure after the form submission is complete, the email subject line contains the ID of the job in Bullhorn, as well as the job title (as referenced in an example above). Plus, somewhere within the email body can pull from the URL and mention the source of where the candidate came from.

Again, I am open to simpler solutions that achieve the same outcome, but if I am unclear about the goal, or if there is any confusion based on the explanation above, please let me know. 
Add application tracking and reporting dashboard
No need for this since this would be handled within the ATS. 
Implement spam protection and rate limiting
Agreed. 
Add source tracking and analytics
I believe this part is referenced to some extent in a few points above. 
Phase 4: Enhanced User Experience
Progressive web app features for mobile
No need for a full web app, since we are just going to be building a form. 
Save draft functionality
I wouldn’t put this as a priority, but perhaps a feature we can add down the road. 
Multi-step form option for complex applications
We would never need to do this since our goal is to only capture the basics of the job seeker, along with their attached resume (or resume + cover letter), and pass that information onto an email address to handle the heavy lifting. 
Integration with existing job feed for seamless candidate experience
If I understand correctly, I do agree with this since there will be references within the job feed (XML file) that will will need to help populate the email notification. 