Before moving on to what my assumption is, we're ready to handle what the different account levels would look like for users and so forth. I wanted to build a quick, nuanced custom automation module that sits outside of the Scout automation module, which of course we haven't built yet. Where I'm going with this is that this particular custom automation module would just live inside the development environment. I'm not sure if there's a way to prevent that from being pushed to production.

Essentially what that is, it's a custom natural language dialog, just like what we're doing here, but that area would be specifically for building custom automations within the customer ATS in this case Bullhorn. Since we already have access to it, we can use the chat dialog as we have now. What I would do is explain to you the business case of the particular automation you would build, execute it, and schedule it again. This is an area or a section that would be non-accessible to the production environment until, of course, we decide to give them their own self-serve chat-type of solution.

All said and done let me know if that makes sense. If you need more clarification, for the record this was happening already in the Google IDE that was used to build Scout Genius but was only made for these types of ad hoc requests. There are current minor automations that have been built and are currently running locally on the laptop. I can provide all those files for you that way you have an understanding of how to replicate them and then what we can do is just run those through the Replit dev environment here. I can close off what's been running locally on my computer if that makes sense.

In essence it's an automation business case, aka myself explaining what it is to you, the AI agent, to then compile the list, verify the details, execute some dry runs, provide transparency in terms of the realisticness of the ask (can it be done, can it not be done), and then we essentially set it in accordance with running an automation in Bullhorn through our backend. Essentially this is never going to go away. This is always something that the product expert or someone like myself will always be able to access. Any users will not have this type of capability; however down the road, when we do continue to build out the Scout Genius family with Scout automation, there will be a lot of similarities that the user will be able to do when it comes to accessing a chat function with an AI. In the very least, a very similar instance, explain what it is that it's trying to build from an automation reporting anything of that nature, standard, without having to build it themselves and essentially having the AI perform that particular task in Bullhorn. Again that could be an automation request based on a report to status change; the possibilities are endless but again that's a little bit more cart before the horse.

For now until we get into building out the customer portal and the different modules, access levels, and such, let's tackle this product expert super user case. Then I will provide to you the current automations that were being built in the Google IDE so you can have a full understanding. Ask any questions you want and then we can replicate that in here and have that all running through the Replit portal going forward. Does that sound good? 