Alright, thanks for this. It's good to know that things are tied up and ready to go from a testing perspective from the vetting module. I'm actually going to come back to this testing, because there are two items that I wanted to maybe bring as a higher priority, just based on both internal and customer demand. Let me know what you think in terms of what we should tackle as a priority first.
1. Number one would be a "fraud detection notifier" kind of like a red-green-amber aspect that would essentially allow for an additional piece of information that recruiters can use to determine whether or not the actual candidate and applicant in question for the role is indeed who they say they are. Obviously, we're not going to have this make any judgment calls from a screening quality perspective, but from an additional notification aspect, I believe it would be very advantageous to have candidates use this as an additional signal to determine their confidence level in a subjective landscape. Meaning, do they need to further validate the legitimacy of the individual before they take the conversation further, or are they very confident, based on that scoring algorithm that I just described at a high level, that this person indeed is who they say they are? Obviously, when it comes to validating this type of information, I believe we blueprinted already what it would look like from a 70% perspective, to get it as close as we can to that ideal confidence state where you can roll it out as an add-on to any screening product. For instance, other than, of course, asking for the candidate's identity themselves, there's got to be something that we could do from a digital footprint perspective, whether it's information found on the web that's public or tapping into different APIs to validate people's information.
2. Number two is actually an automation that relates to the API users that are labeled against candidate records when they do apply to jobs. For instance, we have the Myticas API user, the Pando Logic API user, and the Matador API user. Those are, of course, triggered or tagged as the owners of candidate records when they do come into the database. What we want to do from an automation standpoint is, so the recruiter doesn't have to actually change the owner manually, trigger an automation where, if one of the users, or recruiter, or whatever their role is in the database for that matter, leaves a note or triggers an activity of some sort, that owner is now automatically changed to that user as the owner. I'm wondering if that is possible. I'm going to assume it is, but I'll let you validate that. We can bake this into an automation, whether it's a real-time update or runs every so often, and see how we backdate or go through current candidate records that fall into this criteria and run a bulk update there.
I know this is a lot to take in, so dissect it thoroughly and let me know your thoughts, and we can go from there.