Thanks for confirming this. 
1. Details have been put through a request ticket to get added. Will add the subdomain here once verified they've been configured in the DNS. 
2. This will be solved once the welcome emails are added. Planning to do so starting March 1st. 
3. Perhaps before we go into the weeds with Scout Vetting - because that part I don't believe we need much work to do other than comb through the UI elements to make sure everything makes sense from a super-admin view, a company-admin view, and a standard user view. The logic behind the AI actually vetting has been set up already when it was being built on the Google IDE, but still hasn't been tested. What I want to do here is build some form of test framework page that only the super-admin can access where they (i.e., myself) can add any email address to a field, select a 'dummy' job with 'dummy' data to test some of the nuanced dialogues that the AI will be having with candidates who pass the Scout Screening criteria. Before that one goes live, I plan to test everything from how that first intro email goes out and sounds, to how the AI handles the unique dialogues that it will have with candidates - with obviously the end goal of further determining if the candidate is indeed an actual 'fit' for the role after further vetting the good-quality resumes. At that point, the AI will determine if the candidate is worth being introduced to the internal user (recruiter) with a more detailed summary as to why they are a good fit, after referencing not only what is on the resume but what was validated (or not validated) during the conversation. Essentially, the Scout Vetting module's 'job' is to ensure that 'qualified' candidate profile Scout Screening lets through indeed is actually an 80% or more fit (assuming 80% is still the threshold for the role). If not, the candidate is not introduced and just like any event, the AI will document all findings and reasonings within the Notes field of the candidate record. We can definitely get into more of these instances and situations when we get there - so let's remember to bring it up when we're ready. 